The Joe Rogan experience. It's like when we,
when we would do the open Anthony show. Okay. Or like Howard stern,
like when he would do back in the day, when he would do live remotes,
I love Howard stern. I love opening it that he put, like,
if I was a fan of this show, I don't have time and I'm not going to some mall
in the middle of the day blowing off work or whatever the cause I'm trying to
get my own go. The people that show up, you love them. Cause they're diehards,
but they're out of their minds. So, um,
it just has to do with that. I'm kind of, um,
it doesn't necessarily have to do with me, but it does.
It's one of one of those things.
And it's also another way of saying that I'm full of.
And you know, paper tiger. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
So there'll be an Anthony Daisy.
Remember when they used to have a stadium seating,
like small stadium seating in the studio and guys would come in and they would
let fans come in the studio and sit and watch a show.
Those are the good old days. Yep.
I still, I, every time I go to New York, I, I there's, it's like a void.
Uh, somebody said it perfectly like, you know, Phantom limb, you know,
that's what it feels like. And you get, oh, I'm in New York and I'm going to.
Uh, it doesn't exist.
That was the last show that I used to get up early for Owen.
And when they were together before Anthony got kicked out and
Opie and Jimmy and Anthony were all together, it was amazing. That was.
It's like seeing a band with all the original members on the first
couple of albums tour before David Lee goes solo. And then, you know.
Well the first guy poured it over to XM too. Right. They were the first,
or I think they were, were they before Howard or around the same time,
but they were.
They would have first say, I think my name is, they were on.
That was the one that was XM. And then serious.
Before like Howard was on serious, they were on XM. And then they merged. Yeah.
But they were the first show.
The first radio show that let you just around like
Howard is amazing. Right? Greatest radio personality of all time by far.
But Howard controlled the show. He had yawn, he had the board in front of him.
He controlled the board. He asked the questions, he had an agenda and you know,
he was trying to make the show as entertaining as possible. And they got ready.
Yeah. Oh, and a, you just it. Come on in guys. Come on. And Patrice,
come on a bill, Ari Shaffir have a seat and everybody you'd be in the room.
Breakage your vase, 10 people in the room.
Norton Norton would be doing creepy characters. I mean,
it was the, it was, it.
Was the birth. Jimmy was my favorite one. Oh.
He was trying to talk to you.
I don't remember. He didn't do it enough. That's like a deep cut.
Jim Norton jive talked. Jimmy was one of my favorite ones. It was so silly,
which is my favorite thing. Ever.
Highly intelligent people being silly is one of my favorite things ever. And I,
Jim was the, in Patrice was sort of the king of that. Oh yeah.
Super, super, super next level smart and just silly,
really silly. I,
when Howard went from terrestrial radio to,
to serious, it was like, he died because I didn't have,
until I got serious in my car, that's like my favorite thing about my car.
Cause I listened to them every morning if I, you know, and I gotta get them up.
And it's like the old days,
like when I first came to New York and I get to listen to it, they went.
Podcast. Whether they realize it or not,
they were the birth of podcasts because Ona was like a podcast like this
podcast. Like we didn't even talk about what we're going to talk about.
No discussion whatsoever. I mean, obviously you and I don't have to do that.
Right. But we wouldn't. Anyway, we just come in here and shoot the.
That's all they ever did. Come on in. Shoot the. What the going on? You know,
Anthony would have a gun on him. Look shine.
That's a gun everywhere this day,
that guy doesn't get in the middle of the night.
Favorite a deep cut. Anthony character was the guy with giantism.
Did you ever hear him do that guy? No. Ah, no, he did. I can't do it.
You know the giantism and they get that voice. You know,
Tom R was pretty tall. I can't do what
you would do this thing. I know he's going there dragging. And then like,
something like that would happen.
And then it just felt like two in the afternoon somehow.
And you look at your watch. It was like 7 0 2 in the morning.
Do you remember when Anthony did lie from the compound? He did. Uh,
he built a studio in his.
That's when I was like going, this is not going to last,
this guy's literally building. It's just like,
it's like we're in business selling ice cream and I'm building my own ice cream
parlor at home. No, no job. I'm in this business with you. I knew like,
like this is going to fall apart. You know?
What's funny is what did that show in is also what made it great. Yeah. Like,
you know, they used to play the, oh. They used to play the sorry about that.
They used to play the, uh, the Clint Eastwood, uh, thing.
I always thought the theme to that show should have been the wheels on the bus
go around. Cause it was just like, you know, the thing was,
you were on the bus, but you were outside at your head. It was you almost like,
uh, I always felt like when I went in there that Raiders of the lost Ark,
you know,
when Harrison Ford's on the hood and you're grabbing onto the foot not to go
underneath it and some days y'all hung on and then other days, yeah,
except it didn't have the happy ending and you didn't have the whip to hang on
to what you just.
Do you remember the day we were there and pat from Knocky threw up in,
um.
Duffy's done. That was your idea. Yeah. And then that dude Thanh,
Nathaniel came, he was the one that coined it. The baby,
I got credit for some reason. I think Dan's voice sounded like me. He came home,
he.
Came home. I've been saying, it's, you know.
Your idea was your idea. You were like the only thing they could top this
for those who didn't see it, it's such a brilliant idea.
It was the eggnog drinking contest. And you had to do a double shot.
Like it was bourbon, but it was eggnog like every 30 seconds. Well,
Panda returning champion was pat from monarchy who had diabetes and
lost the total. It already,
it was just sitting there and then he continued to drink it.
Oh yeah. To do the bit that you came up with. Oh, I mean,
there has to be like a, um, you know,
when like a broadcaster can get into the sports hall of fame, just because,
you know, he never played the game, but he, he like, you know,
because of what he added to it,
I always set the pat menarche should have been like, they should have been like,
like a, like a chick Hearn, Johnny,
most sort of award that he can with his,
his health continued to drink. I remember when,
when people posted that video, everyone was saying fake, this isn't real.
And that may be a joint real. I was like, no, that was real. I was there.
There was plastic bags all over the ground. I remember they, they,
they put plastic everywhere,
all over the ground because they knew that people were gonna throw up.
They had the garbage can ready.
And then pat Duffy leans his head over the edge of the garbage can.
And then pat from Monache just here, come, you see them. Ah,
and then it keeps coming. It keeps coming like way crazier.
He just went, just came out and then somebody kept shutting it off.
And every time, I mean, it was like, uh, it is, I can't,
I can't watch, watch this. You know, I still can't tell the story.
If I tell it in detail, I started.
Oh, see, fear factor killed all that in me. I never.
I'll tell the one that makes me gag.
I start to gag is when there was the dude
watch it.
It was true. It was tremendous.
Do I say it? I'll say it real quick. Just go through it.
Easily. You tear it up.
There was a dude who got knocked out. So then what he did was he started,
he puked into a pitcher,
he puked into a pitcher and then he was drinking his own puke,
trying to make the other people pukes.
So then somebody dared this guy who had to take a swig from it.
And he had like this hipster Viking level beard, and he
can't do it. I can't do it.
This is like 10 years later he took this Viking level swig. He just,
oh, so he gave himself like kind of like a facial with it.
And then he puked into the pitcher, I think. And I remember it was in his beard.
There's a point in that podcast, in that pocket.
And in that show where I almost puked.
Yeah. Does the crazy thing about seeing.
Oh, Bill's going to go bills. And I was like hanging on to the table.
Yeah. We didn't realize that at the time.
But those are some of the greatest moments of our life.
You know, you've got to forgive, forgive.
Yourself that because you were in the moment. Oh yeah.
I was feeling like melancholy when I was in Vegas and I had, you know,
I had this re uh, sitting in my room, smoking a cigar with, uh, Bobby Kelly,
Rick Dellia, you know, uh, from Boston scene. Right. Uh,
and we were sitting and I was looking down at the strip before they came over.
And I was thinking about the first time I came out, there was right,
right before they imploded the sands or the dunes or something.
And they were starting to implode those old ones. And, uh,
just walking up and down the strip in the reel was the new hot one,
uh, uh,
casino and just all the great times that I in crazy stories and all that.
And then just walking around Vegas,
being old now and seeing all these young people like,
and you want to stop them and just be like, dude,
if there's any way to take this in, do it. Because you know, at my age,
if I was to continue doing that, you just a creep.
I really respect younger people where it's just like, this is their time.
Let them have it. That's their club.
Don't be standing in there with your white whiskers and. Listen,
trying to listen to their DJ music, just get the out of there.
Let them enjoy their generation's drugs and let them have their stories and
just, yeah. Yeah. There's no way you could impart that on anyone though.
Tell them to soak it up and enjoy it.
I had moments where I remember thinking when I was young, like, wow,
this is a war.
Well, I remember you that night after the, the, uh,
the baby bird you were at Caroline's you are Caroline's.
And I went down there and you had this debt, that ground in your face.
You're like, that was great radio. I was just like,
I remember I told that I told the whole story. I came home,
Nia just started living with me and her friend was there and I was
telling them the story of what I saw that day.
And I was laying on the ground crying, laughing, telling,
and then this guy did this. Do you remember the guy who was, um,
he would do his shot and when anybody would puke,
he would stand over in the corner and not face them. He was facing the corner.
So we started calling him Blair, which everybody got there.
So I'm crying, laughing, and then gagging, as I'm telling the story,
and then they weren't laughing, which made it even funnier to me.
And then I just remember a friend at one point just was like, she was like,
where do they find these people? And then that was,
that just sent me over the top. I was like, I don't know, just crying, laughing.